# resumeio2pdf

A progam that allows users to download their resumes from [resume.io](https://resume.io/) as PDFs, including links.

## Usage

```bash
./resumeio2pdf [options] [ID or URL]
./resumeio2pdf https://resume.io/r/SecureID
```

Options:
*  `-pdf` (string)  name of pdf file (default: `SecureID` + `.pdf`)
*  `-sid` (string) SecureID of resume
*  `-url` (string) link to resume of the format: https://resume.io/r/SecureID
*  `-verbose` show detail information
*  `-version` show version
*  `-y`	overwrite PDF file

## Quick Instructions
1. Run `go build` to generate the executable.
2. Run `./resumeio2pdf https://resume.io/r/[SecureID]` where the provided URL is that generated by the **Share Link** on resume.io.

## Step-by-Step Instructions
1. Download the application by clicking the **<> Code** button and choosing **Download ZIP**.
 
2. Once the download has been completed, extract the files. You will end up with a **resumeio2pdf-main/** folder.

3. Open your terminal and navigate to the **resumeio2pdf-main/** folder that you have just extracted.
- You may have the option to skip this by simply choosing the **New Terminal at Folder** after right clicking on the folder.

4. With your terminal still open, type the command `go version` to see if you already have Go installed.
- If you get a message with version information that looks something like `go version go1.17.6 …` then you can skip to Step 6.
- Otherwise, continue on to the next step.

5. Open your web browser and navigate to the [Go Downloads Page](https://go.dev/dl/) and choose your operating system from the **Featured Downloads** section. Download the package and follow the installation instructions.
- Upon completion, restart your terminal and navigate back to the **resumeio2pdf-main/** folder. You should now see version information after typing in the `go version` command. If you have issues with this step, try visiting the [Go Download and Install Page](https://go.dev/doc/install) for the official instructions. 

6. With Go installed, you can now run the `go build` command to build the executable file that will download your PDF.
- A successful build will not display any confirmation in the terminal. However, you can check the files in the **resumeio2pdf-main/** folder to confirm that a **resumeio2pdf** executable file has been generated by the command. 
- If you received an error in the terminal, make sure you are still in the **resumeio2pdf-main/** folder before running the command. Otherwise, trace back through the above steps and give it another shot.

7. Finally, you can run the `./resumeio2pdf https://resume.io/r/[SecureID]` where the provided URL is that generated by the **Share Link** on resume.io. When the process is complete, you will receive a message in the terminal that your file has been stored as **\[SecureID].pdf**. Check the **resumeio2pdf-main/** folder for your file.

## Alternative Methods
Repository with binary files: https://github.com/sopov/resumeio2pdf.bin

## Other Questions and Concerns
* I don't understand how to install and/or use Go.
* Can you download my resume for me? 
* Can you make a video tutorial?

Please visit the [pricing page on Resume.io](https://resume.io/pricing) which provides fair and affordable prices for this service, including an easy method of downloading your resume without the use of this software.

## Disclaimer
Please note that the information provided by this software is intended for use by subscribed customers of resume.io. Any unauthorized access or use of this software is strictly prohibited and may result in legal action. By using this software, you agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. The creators waive all responsibility for any damages or harm that may result from the use of this software. The software is provided "as is" and the creators do not guarantee the accuracy of the information provided.
